All right welcome back my students.
So let's keep having some more fun with blader I told you it was pretty fun to do this.
Lara Belstaff right.
So you're seeing now the power of Lara.
All right.
Just a little bit.
This is just the tip of the iceberg.
Right.
We haven't really encountered a really powerful features yet.
You've got to fall in love with his framework and you're never going to leave it apart.
Plus you got to learn so much here that you are going to be able to apply this knowledge in the real
world and make some serious cash.
And you know advancing your career so keep going.
Don't get discouraged and keep positive or right be happy.
All right.
So let's go.
And passing so mean some data to our views and process it.
So let's say for example an impulse control here and let's create actually in contact.
Let's just do something here.
Let's just call this.
I don't know people.
All right.
And I'm going to pull myself in there of course.
And Jose is always around.
And James and that guy is new.
And Peter is always around in my courses.
What else is in my courses.
We go Metsi going here.
All right.
I'm not from Mexico guys but I love Mexico and I love every country out there that has beautiful people
like my students.
But anyway.
So let's pass in some information here let's do let's use our compact native ph function out function
and let's pass and actually pass in people here.
Very well people let's just do people like this.
All right this is an array now right.
We keep that in mind.
So this array is going to get passed on with all these values in here which is pretty cool.
You haven't seen that yet so I'm going to show you in a minute how that works.
So let's go to our post.
No actually our contact page and right on content.
We're going to be doing here is explain all this information I know this contact page has nothing to
do with what we're doing.
But I just wanted to use as an example.
So let's just use an if statement were blade at symbol.
If so most of the stuff would blade is using our symbols.
All right.
This control structures or if statements or for loops.
So if and then you ended up with another symbol.
And if you can see MP HP storm there he gives you the rest of the functionalities or the functions are
right which is pretty cool guys.
All right.
So and if so then I use the function count which is a native BHB function.
I'm going to count the array.
So if I have something in people.
All right I'm going to use a for loop actually for each loop to loop through that.
So I'm going to say for each I'm going to end this for each and for each You see how you just spell
things what you want to do.
All right.
And I'm going to look through people as a person.
And I'm going to use the Allied tag and going do the curly brackets because that's how we echo things
out and going to see and I say person in here but let's make sure that we have the UL tag right here
.
All right.
So right here and now if this variable has some type of data there we're going to display it right there
.
So that's going to be pretty fun right guys enter to get that.
But we we still have this in the footer which is this script.
So let's just comment that out.
And I just selected everything and press command for SLAs or control for a slash and it would do that
for me.
As you can see we are echoing everything out.
All right.
Now if I going into this now let's go to the post controller and just comment or this.
And let's go back and click enter on the find very well people is looking for people but he doesn't
find it all right in the US in the contact lead.
All right.
As you can see malicious.
Well we're going to do is let's just leave it empty.
All right.
Like this or we don't get no errors now and enter not there.
If we're put in anything here enter with this display some type of information.
So I hope you see how useful our blade template template engine is which is pretty cool and we're going
to be using this a lot when we are creating our application.
Right.
So make sure that you get this down.
All right we also have include at include a right to include files in our application using this.
Pretty cool stuff.
All right there's a lot more information on the web about blate templating engine.
If you want to look it up you're welcome to do it but you want to be learning a lot of stuff here in
this course.
Thank you again and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Keep having fun guys keep coding.
Doing some coffee and just have fun.
Take care